Update all documentation for 2.7.0 (#7533)
keepassxreboot/keepassxc: docs/topics/PasswordGenerator.adoc

+
.Advanced Password Generator Options
image::password_generator_advanced.png[]

=== Generating Passphrases

> A passphrase is a sequence of words or other text used to control access to your applications and data. A passphrase is specifically designed to be simple to remember but hard to randomly guess. For this reason, we do not recommend making passphrases too complex; if you require complexity, we recommend using a randomly generated password instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A passphrase is a sequence of words or other text used to control access to your applications and data. A passphrase is specifically designed to be simple to remember but hard to guess. For this reason, we do not recommend making passphrases too complex; if you require something that is more complex than you could easily remember, better use a randomly generated password instead.
```

2. Select the number of words you want to be included in your passphrase by dragging the
Word Count slider.
3. In the Word Separator field, enter a character, word, number, or space that you want to use as a separator between the words in your passphrase.

> 4. _(Optional)_ You can choose a word case between lower, upper, and title case options.

Reviewer 2: I believe the more common term is "capitalized" but we already merged "title case" for the program itself. Looking up "title case" is the specific style of capitalization but IIRC in word processing it's always been just capitalization. Splitting hairs, ignore me.

> 5. _(Optional)_ You can also load your own custom word lists. Click the plus sign button to the right of the wordlist selection dialog to choose a custom word list. You can download alternative lists from https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2016/07/new-wordlists-random-passphrases[EFF's Website] or https://github.com/redacted/XKCD-password-generator#additional-languages[GitHub].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. _(Optional)_ You can also load your own custom word lists. Click the plus sign button to the right of the wordlist selection dialog to choose a custom word list. You can download alternative lists from the https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2016/07/new-wordlists-random-passphrases[EFF's Website] or from https://github.com/redacted/XKCD-password-generator#additional-languages[GitHub].

```
